---
---
Redovisning kmom01
=========================

<li class="quest">Har du tidigare kunskaper (eller förutfattade meningar) i objektorienterad programmering i PHP eller något annat språk?</li>
<li class="answer">I have never worked with framework and it looks pretty hard to understand. </li>
<li class="quest">Hur gick det att komma in i PHP och programmering med objekt och klasser? </li>
<li class="answer">I do not know any of them. There are so many new terms and I google them and try to know some basic information.</li>
 <li class="quest">Hur det gick det att utföra uppgiften “Gissa numret”?</li>
 <li class="answer">I thought design is more about the look of website but it seems it needs to integrate with all the things behind the screen.</li>
 <li class="quest">Vilken taktik valde du för att lagra spelet i sessionen?</li>
 <li class="answer">I have learned some CSS style in HTMLPHP and it is both annoying and interesting. It is ok to make kmom01 done. But I have not considered in a systematic way to style the whole website. I think it is pretty hard to find which class to style because there are so many Divs: inner wrap, outer wrap, row and etc.</li>
<li class="quest">Gick det bra att komma igång med Git och GitHub, du gjorde ungefär samma i design-kursen?</li>
<li class="answer">I have learned a bit of composer and anax flat framework. I have learned what is markdown, shortcode, frontmatter and how to edit markdown files. I have learned view and template, layout and region which can be more flexible to show different pages with or without the region.</li>
<li class="quest">Har du några inledande reflektioner kring me-sidan och dess struktur, känner du igen dig från design-kursen?</li>
<li class="answer">.</li>
<li class="quest">Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?</li>
<li class="answer">.</li>
