---
---
Redovisning kmom02
=========================


<li class="quest">Berätta om din syn på modellering likt UML jämfört med verktyg som phpDocumentor. Fördelar, nackdelar, användningsområde? Vad tycker du om konceptet make doc?</li>
<p>I think UML is easier to use and understand.For make doc: one has to write very good comment when one is programming to produce nice documentation. </p>
<li class="quest">Hur gick det att överföra spelet “Gissa mitt nummer” in i din me-sida, hade du en bra grundstruktur du kunde behålla eller fick du skriva om mycket av koden?</li>
<p>I do not have a good base structure in the beginning so I have to rewrite all the code both guess class and index.php. It is really a big job.</p>
 <li class="quest">Hur känns det att skriva kod utanför och inuti ramverket, ser du fördelar och nackdelar med de olika sätten?</li>
 <p>It is different. If one just write an independent code, one has to consider everything, like config.php and autoload.php, it is a complete solution but in framework it is just a part so you can use what framework already has such as session and config.php and autoload.php, but then one has to find the right places to put the relating part and rewrite some of the code or 80% if one is unlucky(one does not understand framework before). </p>
<li class="quest">Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?</li>
<p>I have a deeper view of framework and how the flow is working with static page, get method and post method. I have learned how to make doc with docblock.</p>
