---
---
Redovisning kmom03
=========================

<li class="quest">Har du tidigare erfarenheter av att skriva kod som testar annan kod?</li>
<p>Yes. I have learned a little from oopython unittest before.</p>
<li class="quest">Hur ser du på begreppen enhetstestning och “att skriva testbar kod”? </li>
<p>I think one should try to put all the code and logic in classes under src/ folder so it could be tested. One should write methods with as minimal function as posssible.</p>
<li class="quest">Förklara kort begreppen white/grey/black box testing samt positiva och negativa tester, med dina egna ord.</li>
<p>My view on white box testing is that you test the flow and structure of the code, while in black box testing you are only interested in the functionality. Gray box testing is an intermediate thing where you have partial knowledge of the internal structure and code.
</p>
<li class="quest">Hur väl lyckades du testa tärningsspelet 100?</li>
<p>I have only 2 classes, Dice and DiceHand. So they are 100% tested. I was thinking of adding one class DicePlay, but I have met some problems like how to put all the variables(rending the play.php) into this class. `$_SESSION` is needed anyway and it will not minimize the code in the router. I mean all the variables(rending the play.php) need to stored in `$_SESSION`. So I leave them to the next kmom. </p>
<li class="quest">Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?</li>
<p>I have learned a bit of unittest but I do not think I managed to write testable code fully and something that I will think about more in the future. </p>
