---
---
Redovisning kmom05
=========================

<li class="quest">Några reflektioner kring koden i övningen för PHP PDO och MySQL?</li>
<p>PDO is not used directly this time in the code but with anax database. I have a look of anax database code which incudes PDO class. PDO is a very convenient layer to use. It does not matter with type of database and can return different formats of data and etc.</p>
<li class="quest">Hur gick det att överföra koden in i ramverket, stötte du på några utmaningar eller svårigheter? </li>
<p>I followed the track of kmom04 and made everything into a controller but the controller has lots of methods which is complained by PHPMD(The class MovieController has 14 public methods. Consider refactoring MovieController to keep number of public methods under 10). It could be better to move the function of movie into a class but that I have no clue.
</p>
<li class="quest">Hur gick det att använda databasmodulen anax/database, några funderingar kring denna typen av moduler?</li>
<p>It is actually easy to use it because everything else relating to PDO is done by anax database module.
</p>
<li class="quest">Berätta om din slutprodukt för filmdatabasen, gjorde du endast basfunktionaliteten eller lade du till extra features och hur tänkte du till kring användarvänligheten och din kodstruktur?</li>
<p>I have done all the functions but Reset database, I think it could be something with the path but I could not figure it out. If you could help?</p>
<li class="quest">Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?</li>
<p>I have exercised one more time with writing a controll class within the framework and hide all the PHP globals back in the framework and how to manage with database with anax database module in framework. When I do the unittest for MovieController, I wonder why we need DI and when to use $app and what is relation between DI and $app.</p>
