---
---
Redovisning kmom06
=========================

<li class="quest">Hur gick det att jobba med klassen för filtrering och formatting av texten?</li>
<p>I have written MyTextfilter class, it is pretty hard to understand preg_replace, those patterns relating to PCRE.
```
public function nl2br($text)
{
    return nl2br($text);
}
```
nl2br method does not work. Could you help?</p>
<li class="quest">Berätta om din klasstruktur och kodstruktur för din lösning av webbsidor med innehåll i databasen. </li>
<p>I used the same structure as kmom05. There is a CmsController to decide all the routes.
</p>
<li class="quest">Hur känner du rent allmänt för den koden du skrivit i din me/redovisa, vad är bra och mindre bra?</li>
<p>I think it is good to have a special class for content mangagement system itself so to minimize the code in the controller.
</p>
<li class="quest">Ser du potential till refactoring av din kod och/eller behov av stöd från ramverket?</li>
<p>The class CmsController has 15 public methods. Consider refactoring CmsController to keep number of public methods under 10. This probably could be improved with framework but I do not know how.</p>
<li class="quest">Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?</li>
<p>I have one more time with writing a controll class within the framework and hide all the PHP globals back in the framework and how to manage with database with anax database module in framework. I have learned about textfilter: what is textfilter and how to integrate it into the content from database. </p>
